Objective: To understand the clinical characteristics, change of liver function, influencing factors and prognosis in hospitalized patients with coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) combined with liver injury. Methods: The general conditions, biochemical indicators of liver, blood clotting mechanism, routine blood test, UGT1A1 * 28 gene polymorphism and other data of 40 cases with COVID-19 admitted to the isolation ward of Tangdu Hospital were retrospectively analyzed. The clinical characteristics, influencing factors and prognosis of liver injury in patients with liver injury group and those with normal liver function group were compared. The mean of two samples in univariate analysis was compared by t-test and analysis of variance. The counting data was measured by chi(2) tests. The non-normal distribution measurement data were described by the median, and the non-parametric test was used. Statistically significant influencing factors were used as the independent variables in univariate analysis. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the main influencing factors of liver injury. Results: Of the 40 cases, 25 were male (62.5%) and 15 were female (37.5%), aged 22 to 83 (53.87 +/- 15.84) years. Liver injury was occurred in 22 cases (55%) during the course of the disease. Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) level was initially increased (4.4 to 3.5 times of the normal value) along with decrease of albumin in the second week, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.001). Ten cases (43.5%) had highest abnormal total blood bilirubin (54.1 mumol/ L). There was no correlation between the increase in transaminase and the increase in total blood bilirubin (R = -0.006, P = 0.972). Three cases had prothrombin activity (PTA) of </= 50%, 10 cases had elevated FDP, and 13 cases had elevated D-dimer, all of whom were severe or critically ill. Liver function injury was more likely to occur in patients who used many types of drugs and large amounts of hormones (P = 0.002, P = 0.031), and there was no correlation with the TA6TA7 mutation in the UGT1A1 * 28 gene locus. Multiple regression analysis showed that the occurrence of liver injury was only related to critical illness. The liver function of all patients had recovered within one week after conventional liver protection treatment. Conclusion: COVID-19 combined with liver function injury may be due to the slight elevation of transaminase, mostly around the second week of the disease course. Severe patients have a higher proportion of liver injury, and critical type is an independent risk factor for liver injury.