BACKGROUND: Due to the general susceptibility of new coronaviruses, the clinical characteristics and outcomes of elderly and young patients may be different. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the clinical characteristics of elderly patients with 2019 new-type coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19). METHODS: This is a retrospective study of patients with new coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19) who were hospitalized in Hainan Provincial People's Hospital from January 15, 2020 to February 18, 2020. Compare the clinical characteristics of elderly with Young and Middle-aged patients. RESULTS: A total of 56 patients were enrolled 18 elderly patients (32.14%), and 38 young and middle-aged patients (67.86%). The most common symptoms in both groups were fever, followed by cough and sputum. Four patients in the elderly group received negative pressure ICU for mechanical ventilation, and five patients in the young and middle-aged group. One patient died in the elderly group (5.56%), and two patients died in the young and middle-aged group (5.26%). The PSI score of the elderly group was higher than that of the young and middle-aged group (P < 0.001). The proportion of patients with PSI grades IV and V was significantly higher in the elderly group than in the young and middle-aged group (P < 0.05). The proportion of multiple lobe involvement in the elderly group was higher than that in the young and middle-aged group (P < 0.001), and there was no difference in single lobe lesions between the two groups. The proportion of lymphocytes in the elderly group was significantly lower than that in the young and middle-aged group (P < 0.001), and the C-reactive protein was significantly higher in the young group (P < 0.001). The Lopinavir and Ritonavir Tablets, Chinese medicine, oxygen therapy, and mechanical ventilation were statistically different in the elderly group and the young and middle-aged group, and the P values were all <0.05. INTERPRETATION: The mortality of elderly patients with COVID-19 is higher than that of young and middle-aged patients, and the proportion of patients with PSI grade IV and V is significantly higher than that of young and middle-aged patients. Elderly patients with COVID-19 are more likely to progress to severe disease.