OBJECTIVE. This study aims to assess correlations of the time from symptom onset to diagnosis and treatment with the time to disease resolution and CT scores as based on findings from sequential chest CT examinations. MATERIALS AND METHODS. Thirty patients with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) confirmed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analysis underwent chest CT examinations. Five patients who did not have positive CT findings or who had not yet fulfilled criteria for discharge from the hospital were excluded. CT scores were determined according to CT findings and lung involvement. The time from symptom onset to diagnosis and treatment was recorded for each patient, and on the basis of this information, patients with COVID-19 were divided into group 1 (patients for whom this interval was </= 3 days) and group 2 (those for whom this interval was > 3 days). The CT scores for each group were fitted using a Lorentzian line-shape curve to show the variation tendency during treatment. The differences in age, sex, and last CT scores determined before discharge between the two groups were analyzed, and correlations of the time from symptom onset to diagnosis and treatment with the time to disease resolution as well as with the highest CT score also underwent statistical analysis. RESULTS. A total of 25 subjects were enrolled in the study. The fitted tendency curves for group 1 and group 2 were significantly different, with peak points showing that the estimated highest CT score was 10 and 16 for each group, respectively, and the time to disease resolution was 6 and 13 days, respectively. The Mann-Whitney test showed that the last CT scores were lower for group 1 than for group 2 (p = 0.025), although the chi-square test found no difference in age and sex between the groups. The time from symptom onset to diagnosis and treatment had a positive correlation with the time to disease resolution (r = 0.93; p = 0.000) as well as with the highest CT score (r = 0.83; p = 0.006). CONCLUSION. Timely diagnosis and treatment are key to providing a better prognosis for patients with COVID-19.