BACKGROUND: Studies of the novel coronavirus-induced disease COVID-19 in Wuhan, China, have elucidated the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of this disease in the general population. The present investigation summarizes the clinical characteristics and early prognosis of COVID-19 infection in a cohort of patients with fractures. METHODS: Data on 10 patients with a fracture and COVID-19 were collected from 8 different hospitals located in the Hubei province from January 1, 2020, to February 27, 2020. Analyses of early prognosis were based on clinical outcomes and trends in laboratory results during treatment. RESULTS: All 10 patients presented with limited activity related to the fracture. The most common signs were fever, cough, and fatigue at the time of presentation (7 patients each). Other, less common signs included sore throat (4 patients), dyspnea (5 patients), chest pain (1 patient), nasal congestion (1 patient), headache (1 patient), dizziness (3 patients), abdominal pain (1 patient), and vomiting (1 patient). Lymphopenia (<1.0 x 10 cells/L) was identified in 6 of 10 patients, 9 of 9 patients had a high serum level of D-dimer, and 9 of 9 patients had a high level of C-reactive protein. Three patients underwent surgery, whereas the others were managed nonoperatively because of their compromised status. Four patients died on day 8 (3 patients) or day 14 (1 patient) after admission. The clinical outcomes for the surviving patients are not yet determined. CONCLUSIONS: The clinical characteristics and early prognosis of COVID-19 in patients with fracture tended to be more severe than those reported for adult patients with COVID-19 without fracture. This finding may be related to the duration between the development of symptoms and presentation. Surgical treatment should be carried out cautiously or nonoperative care should be chosen for patients with fracture in COVID-19-affected areas, especially older individuals with intertrochanteric fractures. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Prognostic Level IV. See Instructions for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence.