OBJECTIVE: The Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) which outbroke in December 2019 is highly contagious with a low cure rate. In view of this, there is an urgent need to find a more appropriate therapeutic scheme against COVID-19. The study aimed to investigate whether lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r) in combination with other pneumonia-associated adjuvant drugs has a better therapeutic effect on COVID-19. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Totally 47 patients with COVID-19 infection who were admitted to Rui'an People's Hospital between January 22 and January 29, 2020 were collected. The patients were divided into the test group and the control group according to whether they had been treated with LPV/r or not during hospitalization. Patients in the test group were treated with LPV/r combined with adjuvant medicine, while those in the control group were just treated with adjuvant medicine. The changes of body temperature, blood routine and blood biochemistry between the two groups were observed and compared. RESULTS: Both groups achieved good therapeutic effect with the body temperature of patients decreased gradually from admission to the 10th day of treatment. But the body temperature of patients in the test group decreased faster than that of the control group. Blood routine indexes showed that compared with the control group, the abnormal proportion of white blood cells, lymphocytes and C-reactive protein of the test group could be reduced to some extent. Blood biochemical indexes exhibited that the proportion of patients with abnormal alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase in the test group were lower than the control group. The number of days for nCoV-RNA turning negative after treatment was significantly decreased in the test group than that in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the treatment of pneumonia-associated adjuvant drugs alone, the combination treatment with LPV/r and adjuvant drugs has a more evident therapeutic effect in lowering the body temperature and restoring normal physiological mechanisms with no evident toxic and side effects. In view of these conclusions, we suggested that the use of LPV/r combined with pneumonia-associated adjuvant drugs in the clinical treatment for patients with COVID-19 should be promoted.