The coronavirus disease 2019(COVID-19) is developing rapidly and posing great threat to public health. There is no specific medicine available for treating the disease. Luckily, traditional Chinese medicine has played a positive role in the fighting against COVID-19. In this paper, We collected and sorted the prescriptions of modern Chinese medicine for COVID-19 released by national government, different provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities, as well as online databases, such as CNKI, WanFang medical network, and VIP database. These prescriptions were combined with the inheritance of traditional Chinese medicine auxiliary V2.5, and the complex system entropy clustering method was used to determine the association rules and frequency of single drug and drug combination in the prescription. In the end, 96 effective prescriptions were included. Among them, the four properties were mainly concentrated in temperature, cold and level, the five tastes were mainly concentrated in bitter, hot and sweet, and the meridians were mainly concentrated in lung, stomach and spleen. The high-frequency drugs were Glycyrrhizae Radix et Rhizoma, Armeniacae Semen Amarum, Gypsum Fibrosum, etc., and the high-frequency combinations are Gypsum Fibrosum-Armeniacae Semen Amarum, Gypsum Fibrosum-Glycyrrhizae Radix et Rhizoma, Armeniacae Semen Amarum-Glycyrrhizae Radix et Rhizoma, the core combinations are Lepidii Semen-Armeniacae Semen Amarum-Gypsum Fibrosum, Pogostemonis Herba-Zingiberis Rhizoma Recens-Magnoliae Officinalis Cortex, Ophiopogonis Radix-Armeniacae Semen Amarum-Scutellariae Radix and so on. Form new prescriptions Lepidii Semen, Armeniacae Semen Amarum, Gypsum Fibrosum, Pogostemonis Herba, Zingiberis Rhizoma Recens, Magnoliae Officinalis Cortex. Ophiopogonis Radix, Armeniacae Semen Amarum, Scutellariae Radix, Schisandrae Sphenantherae Fructus, Panacis Quinquefolii Radix. From the medicinal properties to high-frequency drugs and new prescriptions, it could be seen that the overall treatment of COVID-19 by traditional Chinese medicine was to strengthen body resistance, eliminate pathogenic factors, and give attention to Qi and Yin.