The coronavirus disease 2019(COVID-19) is raging in China and more than 20 other countries and regions since the middle of December 2019. Currently, there is no specific drug or vaccine besides symptomatic supportive therapy. Taking full advantage of the clinical experience of traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) in preventing and controlling major epidemics such as SARS, it is an important mission for TCM to propose effective formula with immediate response and solid evidence by using modern biomedical knowledge and techniques(molecular docking assisted TCM formulation for short). In view of the high homology between the gene sequences of the novel coronavirus and SARS virus, and the similarities between the two in terms of pathogenic mechanism and clinical manifestations, our team established a rapid screening and optimization model for the prevention and treatment of the novel coronavirus based on clinical experience and molecular docking technology. Firstly, the clinical team and the research team pre-developed and screened TCM formula by using &quot;back-to-back&quot; manner. Then, the formula was optimized and determined by comparing and analyzing the results of the two groups. The results showed that the research team screened out 46 active ingredients from candidate TCMs that could act on the novel coronavirus S-protein-binding site of human ACE2 protein, which were mainly attributed to 7 herbs such as Lonicerae Japonicae Flos and Mori Folium. The result was largely consistent with the formula raised by the clinical group, verifying and supporting its rationality. This provides evidence for the scientific and potential efficacy of the TCM prescription from the perspective of treatment target analysis, and also suggests that the TCM prescription has the potential to directly inhibit viral infection in addition to improving clinical symptoms or syndromes. Based on this, our team optimized and formed a new anti-coronavirus TCM prescription &quot;Keguan Yihao&quot;, immediately providing the TCM prescription with certain clinical experience and objective evidence support for the prevention and treatment of new emergent infectious diseases in our hospital. The TCM prescription was combined with modern medicine symptomatic supportive treatment for clinical treatment, preliminary results showed better effect than symptomatic supportive therapy alone. This research has innovated the method mode in clinical practice and basic research integration of traditional Chinese medicine for the prevention and control of new emerging infectious diseases. It is of great significance to further improve the rapid response mechanism of TCM in face of major epidemics, and further improve the capability level of TCM to prevent and treat new emerging infectious diseases.