To investigate the regularity of prescription and clinical syndromes by analyzing the diagnosis and treatment protocols of traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) for coronavirus disease 2019(COVID-19), so as to provide references for syndrome differentiation and relevant researches. The diagnosis and treatment protocols of COVID-19 published by national and regional health authorities were searched, and information was extracted in regard to disease stages, type of syndromes, and prescriptions, etc. Frequency statistics and relative analysis were used to analyze the rule of syndrome differentiation and prescription with TCM, and further discussion on the pathogenesis and progress of the disease. A total of 26 diagnosis and treatment protocols of TCM for COVID-19 were retrieved after screening(including 1 national scheme and 25 regional ones), among which 16 contained aspects of both prevention and treatment, 7 only involved treatment contents and 3 were prevention schemes. The courses of COVID-19 can be divided into early stage, middle stage, severe stage and recovery stage. The pathogeny of COVID-19 in TCM is damp-toxin, with the core pathogenesis of damp-toxin retention in lung and Qi repression. Its pathological features can be summarized as &quot;damp, toxin, obstruction, deficiency&quot;. The location of the disease is lung, always involving spleen and stomach, and may further affect heart and kidney in severe cases. The major treatments for each course are Fanghua Shizuo, Xuanfei Touxie(early stage); Qingre Jiedu, Xuanxie Feire(middle stage); Kaibi Gutuo, Huiyang Jiuni(severe stage); Qingjie Yure, Yiqi Yangyin(recovery stage). There were many diagnosis and treatment protocols for COVID-19 have been published, which generally followed the national edition, through with certain personalities in different regional protocols. There were common features with respect to the disease stage, syndrome differentiation, therapeutic principles and methods, as well as prescriptions; the treatment were generally carried out against the core pathogenesis and progress of the disease. Along with the deepening recognition of COVID-19, the diagnosis and treatment protocols are still need further concretization and standardization. We hope researchers and decision-makers can pay more attention to the treatment of Huayu Tongluo in severe and recovery period.